fix typos plus a small addition (#144)
bisq-network/bisq-docs: exchange/howto/list-asset.adoc

**You must use the link above to create the issue, as it links to a template designed specifically for new asset requests.**

> WARNING: Creating an issue to list a new asset is not a guarantee that your asset will be listed. It's a request to convince a Bisq developer to spend the time needed to implement the new asset, write tests, etc. You can help by making a request that is complete and well-formed, and by being cooperative throughout the process. Bisq is always short with devs. Offering a bounty is a good idea to help your asset being listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Creating an issue to list a new asset is not a guarantee that your asset will be listed. It's a request to convince a Bisq developer to spend the time needed to implement the new asset, write tests, etc. You can help by making a request that is complete and well-formed, and by being cooperative throughout the process. Bisq developers have their hands full, and adding assets is not usually a top priority, so offering a bounty can help your asset get listed.
```

Author: I find that a bit long, but for me the essential point is to have that strongly suggested. So it's ok for me.
I have another (old) idea to add, but we could discuss that maybe on the slack.

Reviewer: It's longer but I think the English is a bit better.
